Gwenevere Abriel: James Johnson.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, James.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check.
James: Audio
James: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me okay, good, good. Sounds good audio. Let's see how long it last. Um, I saw you checked in earlier with virtual clinic. Thank you for for getting there on time. That really that was helpful.
James: And then, and then Sorry I'm late to this, I dropped my phone in my battery popped out. And I was like,
James: A club, it's time to put it back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together. Okay. I was wondering, cuz I was like why do all that work to get in there early and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Show up here eight minutes late, but okay. So we're here. Let's, let's, we won't run through all of that. I appreciate the apology and you know what it gave me time to do was to poke around on the internet and
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll wait. First what happened last night. Normally I hear from you. I get it. Yeah. Yo,
James: What happened. Oh yeah, I'm sorry.
James: I got distracted. I was playing video games. I just got shocked. I forgot to respond.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. And there was some chance that I was like, Well, maybe I should book someone else because he ain't gonna be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I didn't book anyone, but there is it you do run the risk when I don't get a confirmation. The night before I do worry that people are kind of have kind of given up and walked away from the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: So definitely try to at least say yeah
James: No, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. You don't have to be fancy with
James: No good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But listen, no problem. What I did is, I'm, I'm not gonna lie. It has been on my mind. And it was all I could do to not text you but I didn't want to be a pain in your butt. Um, I wanted to say, Can you take a picture of your as fat book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's somewhere in your dad's house and you don't know where it is, or did you find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you find it.
James: So I haven't found it know about the one of my mom's
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have to. Are they are they like because I was, I had to kind of see what the heck this thing was. And so then I found as fab. There's all kinds of testing books on it. And there's also a website.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you like is your style. Are you more of a learned really yeah I can pull it up because I saved it on one of my bookmarks just now. Um, are you one of these learners that it's got to be. I need to. I need to write it out or are you a
Gwenevere Abriel: auditory learner where you kind of need to hear someone explain it, hear it over and over, because some people don't know the type of learners that they are some people auditory or kinesthetic, which means they've got to like physically do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people are they thought it visually kind of write it out and see it and so taking notes is really important and practicing themselves right in front of themselves is really important.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what kind of alarm or you are
James: I'm a hands on and
James: Whoa, I don't know. I know I said I think I'm all day. Because like I could get it when people tell me I could get it when when people show me. And also, but I get it. The Muslim hands on.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about what's the troublemaker. What about with math.
James: I'm
James: Hands on
Gwenevere Abriel: Hands on. Okay, so you're going to be
James: Gotta be like we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Working out the problems. Yes, that's pretty common, even for people that one style of learning is their typical approach, but there's something about writing it out. So for example, let's say I'm in a lecturer and I decided to bring my laptop and I'm typing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will retain the information as well as if I'm handwriting it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is under this I can be typing, because I can type without looking at blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm not really thinking through it's not in in this working
Gwenevere Abriel: Workspace like a desktop. I'm not thinking about what I'm typing. But when I hand write it. I'm actually thinking about what I'm doing. So I could really see how practicing
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be useful. So you know where it is that your mom and is that because your mom drug it out or you happen to your eyes landed on it or you went looking for it.
James: Kind of came across the other day that I was at her house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where was it
James: It was in my room under some shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you kind of it just surface stuff you swipe something off and there it was.
James: Yeah, basically.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this the same, it is it is it as bad for Dummies book, like, you know, concrete work building a house for dummies building a framework for who those books which kind of book, is it or is it a formal one
Yeah.
James: I know, I know it's an actual as fat book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is it for 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, bless you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it for 2020 2020 2019
Oh,
James: No, it's for, like, maybe, I don't know, it's kind of old, but not too old. Recent enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Math don't change that much. Right.
James: Now now really
James: Hasn't changed all up after all those years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but they may have in that book that you have. Did you flip through it and see if they have practice tests in there.
James: Yeah, they have practice test. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like when you when you looked at it. Did you member thinking anything in particular when you saw it this week.
James: No, not really.
James: I gotta
James: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta go through it. Okay, so you sounded just now. Like you didn't know that there was
Gwenevere Abriel: Online.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
James: No, I didn't know there was online as folk
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so this is what I just ran across. Now, this is like almost zero research. So I think if you really put effort you could find a whole lot more than I just did. I just pulled it up while I was waiting for you. This is one of them. So here's one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you create an account and it's going to give you exact a 750 questions and you can
Gwenevere Abriel: It's asked about for dummies, I guess, I don't know. You create a little account and you can nose around in depth rationales know why you got an answer wrong. That's great. So it'll I'm assuming it's like that XL learning. I think, I think I showed that to you. Did I, did I show you accelerating.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can show that to you too, but anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I like about me. Yeah.
James: Yeah, is that he showed me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good. Because when you get it wrong, that's when you really learn something, because then it gives this long explanation about how to solve the problem, which is what we need a teacher for
Gwenevere Abriel: And so hopefully when it says in depth rationale, you'll know why you got the answer wrong thanks to detail so it'll explain it. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so what I said something else to get
Gwenevere Abriel: poked around in here is cool.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: This was, this was what I just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was another one, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you have you know where it is that your mom's but you don't hang out there that often right
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Do you
James: Yeah, no.
Okay.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's go into, what do you think would have happened if
Gwenevere Abriel: I had texted you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying, send me a picture of your as a book at your dad's house, your first response would it have been screw that lady or would it be. Oh, cool. She's, she's trying to help me remember to do this thing I want to do which which version of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think have been
James: In here, that would have been more like, hold on, let me find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really, so it would have been a helpful nudge.
James: Said, it would be like on hold up. Let me find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay, good. So that's a good thing. So the message I hear from that is you won't be pissed off at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Okay. So let me go down to Oh good. And then I am happily surprised me. It's okay if you are but I'm just saying doesn't help you reach your goal that way. So let me go down to your, your, I want to join the Navy or Marines.
James: And I wouldn't be face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Um, so what if
Gwenevere Abriel: We set that as a goal between you tell me if this works for you that all you gotta do is find it between today and next group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And way to demonstrate
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. And all you gotta do is take a little snap, but it's got to be something that's like in your in your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I know it's in your dad's house. And it's not that one over at your mom's like, somewhere that obviously your dad's house. Like, I don't know, something
Gwenevere Abriel: Unique about your dad's house like his address or your room has a certain look to it. I don't know. Something where it shows us in your house and then then you've met that task.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweet, do you have an idea of where to look.
Gwenevere Abriel: First, yeah.
James: Yeah, I'm down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. So I'll put that as a little something. I'll be our first
James: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Where might you look first under a bed in a box in your garage. What do you think, and
James: Probably somewhere in my room. Okay, I just have to go through some stuff. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm so send picture of asset book and dad's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before what's Monday the 18th. I'll say, how about honor before so you can procrastinate right up to last minute if you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Will say on or before
Gwenevere Abriel: 518
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you welcome a reminder, so you might, I might send just a little picture of a book or I might send a little emoji. Just a little nudge since you told me that it's not going to piss you off or offend you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like you might welcome a little reminder
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. Great. Um, I had a chance to look at this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just real quick, yeah.
James: Is there a delay on the audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, yours is really delayed you'll, you'll be talking
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the sound comes after it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pretty comical
James: Yeah, I could tell
James: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not your fault. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll work with what we got.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go to, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, oh yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Another thing you're doing okay. How often are you, is it running in your head. Oh man, I want to drink 10 times a day 100 times a day, once a day zero times a day, maybe only once a week, how often is it coming at you.
James: Not that often. Maybe once once once a week if that
Really
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not very honest and that's pretty good. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's that that wasn't like that before about how often were you thinking about it when you first maybe had the that breath away machine, how often were you thinking about it.
James: About every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, was it. Okay, good. So that's some progress before it was about every day. Are you surprised that it has decreased to only maybe once a week.
James: Yeah yeah
Huh.
James: And I'm glad I did because I really fucking hated drinking, because all it did was fuck shit up.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Last time we we did a lot. You did a lot of work around
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting really clear about your sort of dynamic between therapy between, you know, can I can I trust you know going to your is this worth my time. Can I do this and I'm noticing this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I right, is that you're not quite, not quite as irritated with this morning as maybe you were last week. Does it seem like the irritations gone down even a little
James: Yeah, I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see it too and looks like you're able to actually show up. Get in even early to virtual clinic. So when that your attention went down a hole. I got some kid knocking on my door. Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's otters. Take a picture. I'm so pissed. I've been waiting 1314 1516 1718 1928 years to sea otters and I'm in here and I can't see him.
Gwenevere Abriel: There in the lake. I hope you take some pictures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one of the reason why I came in here. I just saw three oh my
James: Oh, why don't you go to the
Gwenevere Abriel: Cause you want to come with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to stay together though.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll go run and see the orders but I gotta stay in here with you. Oh, she's now my other sons telling me about it.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll go look at them together. Okay, so here we go. I'm gonna join on another spot here my come on my phone. I'd be a little bouncy, which I always tell you guys not to do if you get nauseous. I apologize. He okay so it's gonna get squeaky
Yeah.
James: Oh no. You're good, you're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still on with my client buddies.
James: Are you able to see them.
Gwenevere Abriel: SO jealous. I can't stand it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Short
James: Did you not see them. Well, yeah, I can't see them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet trying to take my change this video.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is they should be here and I don't see him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe they're over
Gwenevere Abriel: You saw just now. Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wish We Had some fish.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to go on Michelle's property know
James: She, she got
Gwenevere Abriel: SHE GOT TO COME OUT HONEY, everybody's freaking out about Kobe. Don't let's not just our neighbors off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, they're behind Joseph
Gwenevere Abriel: Tying going justice house.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a bad idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I wonder if
James: It's gonna get in trouble for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I can't be going to Joseph Shubin. Hi, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm my boys and I've been waiting eight years. I heard there's otters right behind your house, three of them. You don't mind if I go on the side so much. Okay, guys, let's see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Be respect to their property.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your video
Gwenevere Abriel: First video
Gwenevere Abriel: Either
Gwenevere Abriel: swimming away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've waited eight years.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's four. Look at how cute they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know. I know they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Carnivores but four of them, dude. So cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Alright, I'm put it. Now my hang up on you. I want me to see what am I doing
James: Okay, you get to see the arteries.
Gwenevere Abriel: I waited eight years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you see
James: You get to see the orders.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my video wouldn't work.
James: I couldn't get richer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean it's not it's not much. It's just their tiny little heads, but there were four of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: They were all adorable.
James: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, apparently at this House.
Gwenevere Abriel: They used to
Gwenevere Abriel: They used to have their babies in the back. And that's why I moved here. I was like, oh, that's fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll have a little baby otters and that'll be the cutest thing and I never seen one.
James: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I felt like I got sold a
Gwenevere Abriel: Bill of goods.
James: For nothing you know yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, well thanks for indulging
James: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, thank you. You know about ours.
James: Yeah, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, they're my favorite animal
Gwenevere Abriel: My favorite animal
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a favorite
James: Authors are pretty cool.
James: Like animal or fish or
Gwenevere Abriel: Any animal any animal
James: Favorite animal um
James: I gotta say.
James: timber wolf.
Oh,
James: A timber wolf.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
James: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's see. I'm noticing around in your treatment plan here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear a little bit about if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you sneeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: Season.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is
James: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we did
Gwenevere Abriel: The scheduled worry time. Did you try it. Forget it, do it once never do it totally forgot how did that go
James: Okay, did a couple of times, it went. All right.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you mean. Remember I was telling you about what it's like to do it half assed versus doing it exactly did you do it halfway or totally the way
Gwenevere Abriel: I kind of taught it to you.
James: I did it the way totally taught it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, how many times did it wake you up in the middle of the night, either with worry thoughts or you couldn't go to sleep with them. Um, did you write them down on the side.
James: Oh,
James: I didn't even write them down or anything because it's like I was actually able to sleep after I did some of that meditation. He told me to do, or that whatever the fuck he said to you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is the meditation is the meditation, the one
Gwenevere Abriel: The mindfulness breathing or all the progressive relaxation
James: Yeah, progressive relaxation and the mindful of breathe breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. So once you did that. Did you go up all the way through the body and then progressively back down. Did you do all the way up and then all the way down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, fantastic. Well, let's add that is sweet.
James: So you did it like once or twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is Cool, cool, cool. So now we know we've got a couple of things that worked.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least once we got progressive relaxation
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we have the belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that turned that turned enough attention to the body and away from the the monkey mind that you are able to fall asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far out. So the only
Gwenevere Abriel: The only piece that would be handy is to write the stress thoughts down. The only reason why I say that is because those are the things that you could be worrying about at eight o'clock at your 8pm scheduled
Gwenevere Abriel: Stress session.
James: Worry time
Gwenevere Abriel: Or time
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me just see something. Did you set a set an alarm. Did you remember what to do. Did you have a list to do. And did you actually sit there and worry and eight o'clock or whatever time instead of fourth
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm guessing. No, but
James: No, just kind of like sat there and like, that is to say the
James: Yeah, I sat there and I just kind of like thought about like what to like to worry about and everything. And what we talked about and then
James: I didn't write anything down or nothing like that just kind of
James: Like meditating, per se, and just sat there and thought about everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's there's a there's a reason why writing it down is is special. Why not pieces there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's a really bad today. Sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna do a lot of hair flip it on the session.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had written it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it would, let's say, let's say on your phone on a notepad. You know, like notes in a little note app and you right I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Will I ever find a girl as hot as so and so or will I ever be able to trust again will ever have the house I want will I be able to finish this effin program or whatever, you know, whatever your thoughts are you write them down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then when it's eight o'clock you look at it and you sit there and you just force yourself to do worry, worry, worry, worry, worry
Gwenevere Abriel: That's very different than relying on your mind to remember what to worry about. It's something different happens
Gwenevere Abriel: So we found out a couple of
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. Yeah. Yeah. So I invite you to do it. Remember, all the way through.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you can come back and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I did it. I, I wrote them down right before I went to bed. I noticed I wanted to be worrying about A, B and C. I wrote them down on the side. I put them in my phone and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I worried about them in the middle of the day right on time and I sat there, because then you can come back to me there's still this second piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I don't know if it works yet there's still this is what we did learn though isn't it progressive relaxation works belly breathing works. That's fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's stuffs free that you can be doing that anytime you want to.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, like, let's say you're about to go, let's say you've studied and studied
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly, yep you studied and you're about to take a test, you could be in your in your car progressive relaxation progressive relaxation belly breathing belly breathing. You could develop a mantra. I'm the bomb. Doesn't matter what I do, or whatever we you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, cultivate something positive mantra.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then all of your brain is operating effectively and you can use it again if you run into a problem while you're taking the chest. You can do this thing gills. It isn't just for going to bed right we can use it to regulate your heart rate.
James: Yeah, I know what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you can use it anytime you want to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do keep practicing that just so that it gets habitual so that you have access to it and it's remembered because things will get pruned. They'll get forgotten. If they're not practiced a lot. That's really awesome. So keep practicing that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so that says to me that maybe you had. Did you have a few nights of sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: This week that you had maybe six to eight hours asleep.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, how many days a week. How many
James: Maybe these past two days three days three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: That your brain functions better when you've had six to eight hours of sleep.
James: Yeah.
Hmm.
James: Less era. Plus, I feel more well rested enables actually
James: Get my ass up and come to Susie's groups. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all connected. Isn't it less irritable right more reliable. I mean it all. It all comes down to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's so important. And I'm really glad that you brought it up because if I if I hadn't heard that business about the sleep. I wouldn't have known that we needed to address.
Gwenevere Abriel: Piece of that. So let's keep our eye on that one. If it, if it starts getting where you you are still not able to fall asleep, just tell me, but I usually ask I'll usually say and getting enough sleep, or even how relationships. How's your mood. I tend to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's part of kind of my routine. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What are you noticing the this last week around
Gwenevere Abriel: Was this theme that you had
Gwenevere Abriel: What you say, Oh, I'm people being disingenuous and people being dishonest people not being direct and giving you straight information.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, in general, are people this last week and you noticed people have been kind of honest with you, or you've been noticing the same old, same old people not really that honest.
James: Same old bullshit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Where does that bullshit usually come from.
James: People
James: Because random people
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so those are customer. So, aren't they,
Gwenevere Abriel: random people customers, right, or are, where are you running into random people
Gwenevere Abriel: Screens frozen on it.
James: Back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm. Oh, I was asking if you, you were saying random people, the random people are those customers that you're noticing or kind of followed it.
James: Sometimes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that really the primary area that's upsetting, or is it mostly around family that it's most concerning
Gwenevere Abriel: Frozen again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're back
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm
Jimmy
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you right now anyway to help for how long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the is people like customers is, those are those where you get the most irritated agitated or is it mostly around people like mother's sister where it's the most troubling.
James: A mother's sister and then type other people
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the certain other
James: Tertiary other people
James: People dumb asses stupid people ignorant people khaki fucking
James: Annoying bugs kids or not all kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think they know they're being disingenuous. I don't want to use the word lie or dishonest. I'd rather use a different word because it usually
Gwenevere Abriel: People don't really like that word lie. But do you think that your mother, sister, do they, do they know that they're not being honest with you.
James: Probably more than likely
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think they know you can tell
James: Know they think they think I played dumb, so they think I'm stupid. So then I could see how how far they think they could get
James: And you see how much they
James: Want to push it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so if you guys have a game, a particular game you act like a know it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll do, I'll play dumb and then you get it when you want to
James: Play a game.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, um, and then when you can't take it anymore. When you feel insulted. I'm guessing, then you say, what
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do when you find out salted by what do you say back to them eventually
James: Oh, if I feel insulted. Usually I step two, I stuff up I confront them about it.
James: And use them pretty vulgar violent and aggressive about about it. What I confront people
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you're in charge of the game, meaning I'm going to play dumb.
Gwenevere Abriel: But is there some point where they actually think you're dumb, like for real that you get offended.
James: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: And what really pisses you off, when do you have to step up.
James: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're part of the reason why this is a difficult conversation. You and I are having right now is because there's no specifics
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's more useful if we say mom said this to me and I said to myself, she thinks I'm an idiot. I'll just let her think that
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is it that she said this week where you were like, I'm going to play this game of I'm going to play dumb.
James: A lot of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick one is full of choices you
James: Know, usually
James: I know. But usually when my mom like talks to me or something. I usually
James: I don't respond I just kind of like block her out and I just played silent wallet. Like I just sit there quietly. I don't talk to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is something, she said, Just give me a piece of it. Like what did she say this last week that was like, I'm just gonna sip it
James: Anything anytime she opens your goddamn now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But remember, I'm not there. You, you have this you know what it's like to be in her presence, but I don't know yet. So does your mom sound like this. Oh no, look who's here. The guys, it doesn't do anything. Like, is it like that or like how does she sound.
James: It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a recording
James: But I don't know. I don't know how to explain it.
James: I don't know how to explain it except
James: Except that except you want to know what my
James: Definition of a conversation with my mother is it's like
James: Fuck, I don't know. It's something that
James: It's not good. It's not fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, can smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: It yeah okay so
James: It's like getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, watch. We're almost there. The only part that I don't know is I can't quite tell
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so many years into the relationship between you and your mom that
Gwenevere Abriel: You are just used. You know what the next step is in the game. You know the rules of the game. You just have to stay quiet right you've taught yourself. I just can't engage with her. I just got to shush.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because anything I say we're going to end up in an argument. I'm guessing that you've decided that maybe unconsciously, but you've worked it out because if I talked to her will fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So over the years you've gotten used to it. But what I what I'm trying to do is try and get a sense because I don't know that yet. I haven't been a little fly on the wall listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, all it takes is for your mom to do what as soon as you see each other. This last week all she had to do was maybe it was just to do literally all she had to do was turn her body roll her eyes and I already knew. I already knew. She's in one of those moods.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean it was something she said, you may already know intuitively at this point so many years into the relationship, what is about to go down.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Want my cheese, say, Oh, you're
James: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I oh you're sitting on the couch. Again, I see like that could be something that a mom might say that has all of this meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, what's something she said this last week or something, she did that could bring me closer to your world into what it's like to be around her.
James: And
James: She's
James: She's always trying to fucking check up on me and shit and like I'm 19. I'm like, Mom, I'm a mat on get on basically a why am a young man.
James: Like, you need to learn to fuck off, especially if I'm going to be going to the Navy, you're not going to contact, you're not going to hear for me from me for months at a time. So you might as well fucking get used to it since now.
James: Because like every day. She's just fucking pestering me with. How are you doing me hit, though, this and that and fucking just
James: Sending me stupid shit to us. Just fucking annoys the fuck out of me. And then she's always trying to fucking
James: She's always trying to control what the fuck I do in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's
James: Only told you to go fuck yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that remember earlier in the session, I asked you, I wondered if you would get offended or mad if I sent you a little nudge, I thought that I might be perceived as annoying and controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was my concern. It's why I didn't do it this last week. Do you see why because I thought, well, I might fall because I fell in earlier this sort of category of
James: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Women trying to control you aren't really that honest with you. Um, and I didn't wanna I didn't want to recapitulate redo what you already have in your life. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is hasn't reached the point between you and your mom that even if she really does care about
James: Something you something you just said just hit hard, the
James: Of the party said about women wanting to control me that are honest with me cuz my ex. I didn't like look at it from a different standpoint. But as soon as he said that I looked at it from a different standpoint. My ex was a real controlling and real disloyal and and
James: An honest with me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does that make you think like you just snap to it. What did it make you think
James: It means a Holy fuck, I need to find better taste in women.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you know what's interesting, you know what's interesting, James.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may not like hearing this
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's pretty common.
Gwenevere Abriel: People that haven't resolved issues with their parents, they end up bringing that same relationship into the romantic life. I hate to say it, but so even though, right. You're like, what's one guts to do with the other is sleeping with my
James: Mama don't
James: I know so like some Sigmund Freud Boyd sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, but you know what he was onto something. I gotta tell you
James: Yeah, I mean, he was but like some of his ideology was pretty
James: Disturbing was say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now, some parts of it. But, so maybe we'll just keep the parts that work and let the ones go that don't work.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so if all we do. Let's say next time we talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: How, no matter what your mom says no matter what she does now. It falls under the umbrella of she's trying to control me and I don't think she's being honest, I don't think she really cares about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like there's she can never get through. Now, now, anything that she does falls under the umbrella of you're controlling me, you know, believe in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're trying to manipulate me
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any room at all that she actually does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Care about you, though, is there any any little space for it.
James: Yeah, probably.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't sound. Sure.
James: Because I'm not sure. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is pretty important right now because all she keeps texting you and it's, I don't think she realizes it's not going in the way she wants it to she might be thinking I'm showing my son. I care about him by sending him these little
Gwenevere Abriel: These little messages, but it's just pissing you off even more every time.
James: Yeah, it's annoying me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you something. What if she sent you a text that said
Gwenevere Abriel: Send me a picture of your book.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more minute. Then you can log out. You're almost done.
James: But
Gwenevere Abriel: What if your mom sent you a message that said send me a picture of your ass right
What
James: Oh, probably tell her to be like what the fuck, why
James: Right, what it looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's coming from her and everything that comes from her is under this umbrella. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't even know.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If she really cares about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will pick this up, we're going to pick this up where we left off, but this is pretty important stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you give a little bit more thought to writing, writing the worry us down on your notepad on your phone and then literally looking at it and going worry, worry, worry, worry, worry
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay, I'll see you on on Tuesday.
James: Yeah, I could figure something out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, bye.
James: All right, bye.